# 3D Scene Flow Estimation on Pseudo-LiDAR: Bridging the Gap on Estimating Point Motion
This is an implementation for the paper entitled "3D Scene Flow Estimation on Pseudo-LiDAR: Bridging the Gap on Estimating Point Motion" published in IEEE Transactions on Industrial Informatics.
### Abstract

Scene flow tracks the three-dimensional (3D) motion of each point in adjacent point clouds. It provides fundamental 3D motion perception for autonomous driving and server robot. Although the Red Green Blue Depth (RGBD) camera or Light Detection and Ranging (LiDAR) capture discrete 3D points in space, the objects and motions usually are continuous in the macro world. That is, the objects keep themselves consistent as they flow from the current frame to the next frame. Based on this insight, the Generative Adversarial Networks (GAN) is utilized to self-learn 3D scene flow with no need for ground truth. The fake point cloud of the second frame is synthesized from the predicted scene flow and the point cloud of the first frame. The adversarial training of the generator and discriminator is realized through synthesizing indistinguishable fake point cloud and discriminating the real point cloud and the synthesized fake point cloud. The experiments on Karlsruhe Institute of Technology and Toyota Technological Institute (KITTI) scene flow dataset show that our method realizes promising results without ground truth. Just as human, the proposed method can identify the similar local structures of two adjacent frames even without knowing the ground truth scene flow. Then, the local correspondence can be correctly estimated, and further the scene flow is correctly estimated.

We provide two versions of the code repository, an online version and an offline version. The online version means that the model is trained by just inputting stereo images for the 3D scene flow estimation model. The offline version means that a pseudo-LiDAR point cloud needs to be generated and saved to local area based on the trained depth estimation model beforehand, and then the generated pseudo-LiDAR point cloud is used to train the scene flow estimator.
